{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4094289\rsid6756194
\rsid12396507}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title  }{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr23\min24}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr23\min24}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords378}{\nofchars2155}{\nofcharsws2528}
{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6756194 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par }{\b\fs36\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid4094289\charrsid4094289 THE CRAMPED WORKSHOP}{\b\fs36\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194\charrsid4094289 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 Once}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 u
pon a time there was a boss called Mr. Kevin Manure who crammed as many as 20 computers in a room only four feet wide. He was a real monster who always kept windows dirty, never cleaning them.
\par People in this workshop run by a big grumpy boss had to work in cramped conditions making it impossible to move, but this didn\rquote t bother the tyrant boss, for, \lquote 
 for him work was more important than the dreadful conditions his workers were forced to work under. If a worker tried to go to toilet the boss\rquote s henchmen would send a big vicious dog after them, and if he did go into the toilet the boss\rquote 
s henchmen would throw a big pong}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
bottle through the toilet window, filled with horrible smelly gas, that would make the worker run out like anything because of the terrible stink.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
Throwing stink bomb bottles into the toilet to flush out a worker who should be at his job was the sort of thing Kevin Manure, the boss, would get up to. He was a big bully who would do anything to make sure his workers suffered. He didn\rquote 
t care if anyone fell ill, he just wanted work and more work even in gravely cramped conditions. Like Fred Dung, the boss of a workshop at a railway station he also forbade workers to go to toilet during}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{
\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 work hours.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 The computers in this workshop run by a mad boss were chained onto one another and}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
the wiring was all frayed yet he still allowed his workers to use the computers even if the wiring was in a dangerous state which could at anytime cause an electric shock, even kill the worker.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 One day the back of the monitor
 fell off on one of the computers making it dangerous to work. The worker stopped but Kevin manure made him use the computer again even with the monitor bursting right open. The worker got such a shock that he got thrown right across the room. He could ha
ve died through the careless antics of a mad boss. Without being seen one of the workers called the police. They came and arrested the mad boss for keeping the computers crammed together and in}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{
\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 a shocking state.
\par Another boss took over, Michael Toilet. He was also a strict boss, but ordered another}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 room to be built to take some of the computers.
\par Through the efforts of the new boss conditions improved.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
\par }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 The crimes of the former boss were exposed.
\par The toilets were never cleaned and no toilet paper was installed. There was a washbasin,}{\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194  }{\b\lang1033\langfe2057\langnp1033\insrsid6756194 
but instead of water muck from a sewer came out of the tap. It shows what a pig the former boss was, just like his friend Fred Dung, another monstrous workshop governor.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid6756194 
\par }}