{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9445401}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr18\min42}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr18\min42}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords297}{\nofchars1696}{\nofcharsws1990}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9445401 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\insrsid9445401 
\par }{\b\fs52\insrsid9445401\charrsid9445401 
\par }{\b\fs52\insrsid9445401      }{\b\fs52\insrsid9445401\charrsid9445401 FLUID RESTRICTION REGIME
\par }{\b\insrsid9445401 
\par 
\par 
\par One day in King Size hospital a man was told by the doctor that he was to be restricted to only one drop of water each day, hardly enough to have a drink, this meant that he couldn\rquote 
t have tea or any drink, only one drop of water from the tap and that was that. When the time came for him to have his antibiotics he had to use his own saliva to down his pills for a glass of water was forbidden. This wasn\rquote 
t the only thing he also wasn\rquote t allowed any fruit because it contains water. Even gravy was forbidden on his dinner because it\rquote 
s made up of water. He also had to be careful when he had a wash because water could get into his mouth and make him dangerously ill.
\par To make life easy for the patient Bernard Soap he was put onto a sand drip. Sand was dripped into his vein. The doctor Dr. Toenails also put him onto an aquarium drip, a drip in which fish are placed into the drip bags on the drip post.
\par Blood test after blood test was given in which
 the results showed up dangerous blood men lurking about in his body. These vicious little creatures were caused by a dangerously low sodium level. This encouraged blood men to hatch out from blood vessels in his body. To flush out the pests lurking insid
e
 him he was put on a shampoo drip by Dr. Wrong, the chief consultant haematologist. In no time at all the nasty little blood men were killed and in four hours the patient made such a rapid recovery that he was allowed a glass of water but only if a load o
f
 matches were dropped in it. This was to make it safe to drink until his sodium level was corrected, but the best way to get enough sodium into him was to wire a sodium lamp to his body. This did the drink but encouraged the group of tumours resembling hu
man figures so he needed surgery. His head had to be taken off and washed to make it pure and was fitted with a radio attached to his lungs for the music could cure his chest infection and five seconds later he was discharged from hospital.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid9445401 
\par }}