{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f387\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f388\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f390\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f391\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f392\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f393\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f394\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f395\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f396\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}
{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid358301\rsid2564259
\rsid12528579}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title JOHN SHIRT\'92S SCHOOLDAYS}{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr23\min30}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr23\min30}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords702}
{\nofchars4006}{\nofcharsws4699}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot12528579 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\f35\fs36\insrsid2564259\charrsid2564259 JOHN SHIRT\rquote S SCHOOLDAYS}{\b\f35\fs36\insrsid12528579\charrsid2564259 
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\insrsid12528579 
\par 
\par John Shirt arrived at Ramsview School at 2.55pm on September 9th 1963. 
\par He got out of the taxi and walked into the entrance hall.
\par 
\par At the far end of the entrance hall stood the blackboards showing what dormitories the boys would be in.
\par 
\par Here are a list of the dormitories.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.1
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. John Paper
\par 
\par 2. John Eel
\par 
\par 3. Simon Bus
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.2
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. Piano Ink
\par 
\par 2. George Imbert
\par 
\par 3. David Fearnley
\par 
\par 4. Alan Machine
\par 
\par 5. Terry table
\par 
\par 6. William Minor
\par 
\par 7. Sergeant Major
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.3
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. Peasie Phonebox
\par 
\par 2. Henry Cup ' O'  Tea
\par 
\par 3. Harold Mince
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.4
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. Head Master
\par 
\par 2. Chair Legs
\par 
\par 3. Clive Contract
\par 
\par 4. Jimmy work
\par 
\par 5. Ooyah bed
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.5
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. Bully Boots
\par 
\par 2. Fruit Bread
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Dormitory no.6
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par 1. Terry Bigfoot
\par 
\par 2. Johnny School
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par These six are a few of the dormitories In Ramsview school.
\par 
\par There are a total of 35 dormitories.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par John Shirt was to be in dormitory no.8.
\par When he got into the headmaster's office he was told that he would remain at this boarding  until he reached the age of 16.
\par 
\par The headmaster signed him in soon after the boy's parents signed a form stating that he would reside at this school until he reached the age of 16.
\par 
\par Soon afterwards the new boy left the headmaster's office made his way to the dining room for tea.
\par It was a high tea for it included a meal.
\par 
\par The meal he had was a roast wallet and grilled finger nails, together with grass and wood.
\par 
\par After tea the new boy flew out into the playground.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par All of a sudden a tree pounced on John Shirt and tossed him up into the air.
\par John Shirt let out  and icy scream.
\par 
\par The icy yell brought Mr. Weekend Leave, the headmaster out.
\par 
\par  "Hey you!
\par stop your yelling or I'll stuff a lamp post down your throat.
\par 
\par "It was that tree, Headmaster, shouted John Shirt.
\par "If yo say that once more I'll send you to bed in the dog's kennel.
\par 
\par "But Sir, I got beaten up by a tree.
\par 
\par "Don't argue John Shirt, if you do I'll knock you to another country where you will be made a slave, digging the sea."
\par 
\par  So John Shirt obeyed the headmaster's orders and walked into the school.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par At 6.00pm the new boy went into the school to unpack his clothes, when all of a sudden a pair of pyjamas jumped out of the suitcase and attacked the school the school matron.
\par She caught such a fright that she flew out of the window and jumped onto a tree.
\par 
\par Meanwhile, angry boys were trying to get at the pyjamas that chucked the school matron out of the
\par window.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par All of a sudden a suitcase burst open and all of the clothes inside cried.
\par The hullabaloo was heard by Mr.Empty, the bald - headed teacher who wore giant spectacles.
\par 
\par He caught such a fright when he saw the clothes dancing about and crying.
\par 
\par  "I suppose you did this said the teacher.
\par I saw the school matron frightened out of her life hiding up a tree.
\par 
\par "Now come with me to the head's office, you lot will get a whacking."
\par 
\par The boys got whacked 7 times.
\par 
\par  "That's for frightening the school matron out of her wits.
\par You caused her to jump out of the window and fly up a tree."
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par Soon after the boys got thrashed they got sent to bed.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par "That new boy started it, so,
\par 'let's beat him up"
\par 
\par  The new boy got beaten up good and proper.
\par 
\par Soon after he got beaten up he lost his head then got sent to bed, and what a bed it was, for it had no mattress, just  a cardboard box to sleep on.
\par 
\par  For supper the new boy had a laughing chicken and peas as big as footballs.
\par 
\par Next morning the new boy got up at 7.00am and made his way down to the washroom to have a wash.
\par 
\par His toilet articles consisted of towel,soap, flannel and broom.
\par 
\par He washed his face, neck, breadbasket and hair, then flew down to breakfast, eating his food on the floor.
\par 
\par Mr. Shorthair was on duty to make sure that no boy was late.
\par If he was late down for breakfast the boy would get scalped by the teacher who was on duty.
\par 
\par After breakfast the boys flew up to their dormitories to make their beds.
\par 
\par One boy put his bed into his locker. The teacher, Mr. Shorthair,  caught him and threw him out of the window.
\par 
\par John shirt laughed  at the teacher when he saw Sydney Beer being chucked out of the window.
\par 
\par The teacher said to the new boy,
\par "If you laugh once more I'll lock you up in the school prison.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par When lessons came  the boys went into  their classes.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par In one class there was a 20 foot tall teacher who was very very strict.
\par 
\par Every boy was forced to swim in dirty water.
\par 
\par When the time came to play football every boy was ordered by the teacher to run 500 mile an hour.
\par 
\par Not only that, there was worse, for the football had spikes sticking out of it, and the football pitch was a swamp.
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par John Shirt remained at  Ramsview  School for 3 years
\par 
\par  
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid12528579 
\par }}