{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1975154\rsid4540031
\rsid9525593\rsid11762818}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title                         }{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy8\hr17\min9}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy8\hr17\min9}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords327}
{\nofchars1866}{\nofcharsws2189}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1975154 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\insrsid9525593                      }{\b\f1\fs36\insrsid9525593 MAN GOING BERSERK IN FLAT}{\b\insrsid1975154\charrsid9525593 
\par }{\b\f1\insrsid1975154 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\insrsid9525593 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\insrsid1975154 One of the residents in Goodboys Lodge decided to vacuum clean his flat. The cleanup was successfully done, but the machine needed emptying because it was very full. The machine was opened up and, \lquote 
what a mess he created, all fluff over his trousers, shirt, carpet and floor. The rubbish, at least some of it was picked up and binned, but, \lquote as the man tried to re \endash 
 assemble the vacuum cleaner he ran into difficulties and went off like a madman, screaming, shouting and raving. The hullabaloo brought one of the
 support staff running up to see what it was all about. A ring was heard on the door and the scheme manager appeared.
\par 
\par \'93Hey you, stop that at once, you\rquote re disturbing all the other residents. Any more of that and I\rquote ll chuck you out of this flat and get the police to commit you to Bad Dog Hospital where they\rquote ll detain you for the rest of your life
\'94.
\par 
\par The vacuum cleaner was re- assembled and the support worker said\rquote  \'93I\rquote ll let you off this time but next time I\rquote ll expel you from Goodboys Lodge and get you committed to the mind hospital in Rotten Egg Lane.
\par 
\par Goodboys Lodge is a support home that deals with mental health and older people. It has 24 flats, two with hole in the ground baths to prevent people from falling out of the bath as well as a shower above the t
oilet so people can have a bath whilst sitting on the toilet.
\par 
\par The communal lounge downstairs has a toilet to sit on whilst people are watching television so if they\rquote re caught short this will save them having to get up from their seats.
\par 
\par The television has a built in drinks unit so residents can draw orange juice and other drinks straight out of the television set.
\par 
\par Every Friday there is a fish and chip meal served in a chamber pot and eaten on star shaped plates.
\par 
\par Now it\rquote s back to the man who went off his rocker.
\par 
\par Bernard Inkman was prone to temper outbursts because of his autistic state. This could lead to complaints from staff and residents alike and result in the man being evicted from his support house for good. Not only that, he could end up in an inst
itution where other people could ram pokers into his chest and pour milk down his ears.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid1975154 
\par }}