{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid411557}{\*\generator Micros
oft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr18\min56}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy7\hr18\min57}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords327}{\nofchars1864}{\nofcharsws2187}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot411557 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\f36\fs72\insrsid411557\charrsid411557 SOUTHEND PIER
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid411557 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par This pier was built in the 19}{\b\f36\super\insrsid411557 th}{\b\f36\insrsid411557 
 century and has had to endure a number of fires, of which the most recent one was by far the worst. A huge portion of the pier was swept away. In the onslaught thee station, gift shop and amusement arcade, plus a number of other things disappeared in the
 Southend pier inferno.
\par 
\par The pier, the longest in the world, has to have trains due to its long length.
\par The first trains were open sided toast rack trams. These were replaced in 1949 by trains that looked like motor coaches. These ran until 1974, and were replaced by the trains that are still running.
\par 
\par The pier has a museum which shows the Southend Pier timeline, the original trains and old penny slot machines.
\par 
\par An amusement arcade backs onto Southend Pier.
\par Nearby is the fictional double deck pier in which people are taken by elephants to the end of the pier- on the top deck.
\par On the lower deck people have to swim along the pier to get to the other end, or they are taken by  a motor settee to the other end.
\par 
\par If the pier was 20 miles long it would have hotels along various sections, and there would be a transit line that would connect the pier with Southend Station. The pier would also have a football pitch on the pier.
\par 
\par One theory for the fire is that it was started by a blaze worm, a sea creature that has flames  shooting  out from its body, or a fire breathing dragon. Another theory is that the fire was started by the sun jumping down on top of the pier.
\par The pier is now sprayed with a blaze worm repellent to stop these monsters from coming out from under the sea  to attack the pier. Another menace is a the Fiery Man, a dangerous human being that uses its body to attack and set fire to objects.
\par 
\par The Fiery Man lives up in the sky he regularly comes down to set fire to landmarks but is stopped in his tracks by a sky policeman.
\par 
\par The pier has a restaurant that serves gigantic meals on plates two feet wide, \lquote and \lquote  a meal served for one person on these giant plates for one person is really meant for twelve people. Only a man with five stomachs could eat the huge portio
n that\rquote s served to him. The chips with this dinner are enormous, each one  measuring a foot.
\par }{\f36\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid411557 
\par }}