{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f174\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02070a03080606020203}Bodoni MT Black;}
{\f237\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f238\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f240\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f241\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f242\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f243\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f244\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f245\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f587\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f588\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f590\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f591\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f592\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f593\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f594\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f595\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f596\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}{\f597\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f598\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f600\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f601\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f604\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f605\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}
{\f607\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f608\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f610\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f611\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f614\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f615\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9123069\rsid14380718
\rsid14576632}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title                                   THE BIOGRAPHY OF FRED FOPPY}{\author Owner}{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2011\mo9\dy8\hr17\min37}{\revtim\yr2011\mo9\dy8\hr17\min37}{\version2}{\edmins1}
{\nofpages5}{\nofwords807}{\nofchars4605}{\nofcharsws5402}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9123069 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\f35\insrsid9123069                                   }{\b\f174\fs32\insrsid14380718\charrsid14380718 THE BIOGRAPHY OF FRED FOPPY}{
\b\f174\fs32\insrsid9123069\charrsid14380718 
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa270\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat8 {\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat8 {\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred Foppy was born in Cannon Street Road hospital, Stepney on April 30th 1950.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred's first\~home, an 1872 slum, was in Pickle street, Aldgate.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 The house infested with coconuts had seven rooms.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred foppy slept in a cot with no sides to it.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 At the age of four Fred Foppy started school, The Henry Inkwell primary school.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 On his first day at school he cried so much that he brought the school down.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 The headmistress caught him and put him out into the playground.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 "Now Freddy Foppy, you will remain here until you behave.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 If you cry once more I'll sew your mouth up.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 your crying got so strong that you caused the school to collapse."}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Once he got warned the cry baby was sent home because his crying caused to school to collapse.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 In the end Fred Foppy got sent to a cryproof school, that is' it was so strongly built that no matter how loud you cried you could never bring the school down.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 At the age of five Fred Foppy attended primary school.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 His first teacher was Mr.John Wool.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 He was strict.\~}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Any nonsense from him and you would be out of the class before you could say Jack Bath.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred Foppy learnt to do leassons at the age of six.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 In the playground there were children who were rough.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 One day they grabbed hold of Fred Foppy and dumped him in the dustbin.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Mr. Shoelace, the teacher, caught the bullies and \~sent them to the head's office.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred foppy got cleaned up inside a washing machine.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 One day Fred Foppy woke up to find 12 foot of snow lying on the ground.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 he had to fly to school, only to find it shut because the snow had blocked it.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 With no school to go to Fred Foppy was sent home, where he did his lessons.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 It got so cold outside that two london buses froze to death.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Meanwhile, whilst at home Fred Foppy was busy doing his lessons.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 He learnt to make his bed, do P.E in the garden and do nothing.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 When the snow had melted there was a shower of knives.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Everybody had to run for their lives as the knives fell down from the sky.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 By the time he got back to school fred foppy saw lions in the playground so he had to play in the school hall.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 All of a sudden part of the floor gave way, revealing a secret passage, which led to the year 1100 AD}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 if anyone went along it.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 fred Foppy went along the time tunnel and plunged into 12th century Britain.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Now that he was in the last year of the 12th century fred Foppy came across a monster forest which stood where his school now stands.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 All of a sudden a gang if wild men seized Fred Foppy and put him into a \~
cooking pot. fred Foppy let out a yell and as quick as lightning ran away, the wild men coming after him, but he was too quick and climbed into the time tunnel.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 When he came out of the other end he found himself, not in his own school, but in a prison.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 here, he was surrounded by wolf men. The wolf men tried to eat him but as quick as lightning climbed into the time tunnel and at the other end he found himself in Burnside centre 26 years into the future.}{
\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Although he was five, the year was 1955, he found himself in Burnside in 1981.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 He saw Burnside exist long before it was built.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Next Fred Foppy met the much Older Fred Foppy, an image of himself at the age of 31 years.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 fred Foppy, aged five, climbed back into the time tunnel and at the other end found himself in Ramsden Hall, where the 14 year old Fred Foppy with his mate Floatwyck Milk were being chased by Skippy Bloggs and his gang.}{
\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 "Help! shouted Fred Foppy, aged five,a big bully is picking on me nine years form now, at the age of 14 years.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred Foppy climbed back into the time tunnel and at the other end was back in his ow time, 1955, at his primary school.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 One day Fred foppy played football with a brick in the school playground.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 his school teacher gave him good marks and sent him to boarding school, Football public school, near Tobb farm in Essex.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 At this boarding school there were plenty of roughs, including children who played football with heads that they stole from their victims.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 A boy who had his head stolen had to report it to the headmaster.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 The headmaster went headhunting and had to call an assembly of boys into the entrance hall to find the boy who stole other boys heads.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Fred Foppy put his hand up and said that he saw David Bonce, the school bully do the headsnatching.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 "Right said the headmaster' I'm going to give David Bonce what for."}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 For his punishment the big bully had a poker put through his head to stop him from bullying.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 the stolen heads of the seven victims were found inside a dustbin in the shower room. they popped out and flew into the school, where they found their way back onto their owners' bodies.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Tobb Farm was a boarding school for boys who didn't want to go to school.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Every boy had a brain injection everytime he entered Tobb farm.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 He also had his feet pickled to make them strong.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Tobb Farm was a huge Gothic mansion built for a rich family who owned \~a huge estate.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 they had dogs s servants to cook,wash, make beds, e.t.c.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 fred Foppy left Tobb farm at the age of 13 and went to Ramsden Hall.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 He left at the age of 16 and went to\~Burnside Centre.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 Here, \~he did pot scourers.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }{\b\f36\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 A bodkin with a wire on it went through the rolled up metal sleeve rolled into a pot sc
ourer then thread through until it was cut off, leaving just a little piece of wire which would finally be cut off and put into a box ready to be taken to the shops.}{\fs27\cf1\insrsid9123069 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f35\insrsid9123069 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs22\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid9123069 
\par }}